

My initial attempt at creating an algorithm that better recommends songs than the strategies shown in part 1 of the lab did not go well.
 The plan was iterate through the raw inner product, cosine similarity, and TF-IDF-based cosine similarity raw inner product, cosine similarity, 
 and TF-IDF-based cosine similarity calculations using a smaller dataframe to make the calculations more efficient. 
 I was going to compare runtime and the average of the dot, cosine, and TF-IDF scores to the runtime and scores presented in earlier steps. 
 The thought was if I could make recommendations quicker while maintaining scores that are equivalent to the scores in step 1, 4, and 5, I would have 
 outperformed the available baselines and done something creative. 


Imagine you were listening to a song on Spotify, but every time you click on a song it took 10 seconds to load the next recommended song.
 This was the problem wanted to test. On my computer it took ~5 to 20 seconds to load my top 3 recommended songs. In terms of testable baselines, 
 I would have restarted the kernel and run all the way through my code. In the bottom left of each code chunk, there is a timer that times
  how long it takes to execute that code chunk. The plan was to find the average time it took to execute steps 1, 4, and 5 then average out 
 the time it took to run my code in part two. After that, I would have looked at the top 3 songs for parts 1, 4, and 5, taken their average score
  and compared those scores to the score calculated in part 6. If the score in part 1 and part 2 averaged out to be equal, but the runtime in part
   2 was faster than the runtimes in part 1, the algorithm would have been deemed a success. 


Overall, I do believe the existing options work well. The runtimes are slow however the content produced from the cosine similarity
 calculation does make sense. These calculations could  also be improved by comparing song’s bpm, user’s listening habits, how often the songs are on a playlist together and much more. 
